---
layout: post
title:  "Poorman"
author: "Zongquan"
comments: false
---

Last week, I played an American game. In that game, my ID named Poorman. When somebody saw my equipment, he said: “you’re just a stronger poor man.” I replied: “wow, yes I am.” But unfortunately, when my level arrived 30, I want to strengthen my weapon, it’s broken. So my game live just had been over.
But don’t worry about this. Today I want to say is not about the game, it just about me. Yes I’m poor man. I have no right, have no money, I’m a poor man. You know, in this society what the fucking money is instead. But I have no money, I’m a poor man.

Next week, some of my best friends will tour to a beautiful place named Yangsuo which is in GuiLin. When I was a young kid, I just have only two dreams. One is going to HangZou. Because of BaiSeZhuan. I think there is a mystification. And the other place is GuiLin. It’s well known in China and in everyone’s heart. There is some beautiful hells and water. Some night, I dream about that I’m boating in the river and a fresh girl stand with me. But it’s a night dream.

Yesterday my friend told me, they would tour to Yangsuo, and asked me if I want too. I thought quickly, replied no. Maybe you are discrediting. Why? You know I’m just a poor man, right? I know coming to Yangsuo is not only my dream but I can be more closely with my friend. These three guys are my best friends in my collage live. We were meal together, played online game together. I truly remember the time at first term. How we went to the net bar all the night, and what the fast food we often be offered. The name is eggplant meat. It’s delicious, right? Going to Yangsuo, maybe we will have a lot of picture what we see it future, we may be full of tears, and say:” it’s our childhood.” But I want to say: “My dear friends, our friendship is not the fucking picture can instead.” The very important reason is it will cost me five hundred. I’m a poor man. The price is too high for me.

Last weekend, my father phoned to me, told me that my mother had receive a job. Helping somebody selling cigarette. Although my mother meal with the merchant’s family, they just pay for four hundred to my mother. So far my mom was ill with a bone’s pain; she hadn’t ability to her love business. Last year she was alone at home. I know how much she wanted to earn money. I also know today how happy she has got a job; even just earn four hundred a month. How could I use the large quantity cash just for my happy? I’m a poor man. I can’t do.

Someone had ever said that the difference between the poor and the rich is that when they go shopping, the rich look at the quality but the poor look at the price.

By the way, because I wanna improve my English, I use English to write diary. But somebody will say “I’m a Chinese; I’m only need to know about the Chinese yet.”

Here I will tell you an event in my game.

In the American game, I told an American that I’m a Chinese. He will say “why you play our games?” I said “I want to learn English.” Then he said that “I know because your Chinese language is a shit, right?” I said “No, I study English because of your imposable learning Chinese well.”