---
layout: post
title:  "Dream"
author: "Zongquan"
comments: false
---

Something you want, but something you never get it.

I think this is just the word ‘dream’ means.

Going back to see, how many you have had, and how many you have lost. If you have nothing to been pities. Your life is success.

So many people think I’m a lucky man, though I’m just a shit guy to do everything, I also have been true my smaller dream. But in my mind, only one puzzled me so many times. From I was in elementary school, I was a good player on every games. My mum told me that it’s a waste time to do the boring thing. Every time I got into the game bar, she would take a stick, and bit me, never never dare to lose my face. It may say that I mustn’t have face in the short young age.

Today, I’m a college student now. I often think if I need keep going to play my game or may I study hard now, for my parents and for me? Study hard to get a good job? Everyone’s mind is that people who study hard will be successful. Before this time I think so.

I had never realized that I had a dream from I was a little boy. When I play a game I always tell myself what bad the game is, and how I can improve it, and how I change it the player will love. Those times, I just thought in my mind. I know I only can think cause the low degree.

But this time I really recognize that if you just dream, it will never come true. What you want you must do it. I’m a college guy now. I’m an adult now. Not the full of dream in the brain little boy. I just need one dream. What I very want to do. Do it.

What I very want to do is being a game designer. Yes, I want to design a game include Chinese culture and Chinese custom.

View over the world, all of the interest games is made from Korea and America. Why they can win, they only have advantage technology. Except this, they have what stronger than us? Our country has long history and characteristic civilization. Why they also can be to our country to gain our money?

I have a dream that one day being a good game designer and designing a good cultural game.

I have a dream that one day our country have simon-pure games.

I have a dream that one day all over the world can see our Chinese games.

And I really have a dream that one day the game is not to waste people’s time but learn knowledge.

